various updates (#9503)
MicrosoftDocs/office-docs-powershell: teams/teams-ps/teams/Get-CsPhoneNumberAssignment.md

### Capability
The list of capabilities assigned to the phone number.

### City
The city where the phone number is located.

### CivicAddressId
The ID of the CivicAddress assigned to the phone number.

### IsoCountryCode
The ISO country code assigned to the phone number.

### IsoSubDivision

> The sub division within the country assigned to the phone number, for example the state for US phone numbers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The subdivision within the country assigned to the phone number, for example, the state for US phone numbers.

```
